README.rst, before:

mYk's contact form
##################

Goals
=====

`myks-contact`_ is a simple contact form. It's adequate for a personal home
page. It features a basic CAPTCHA_.

.. _myks-contact: https://github.com/aaugustin/myks-contact
.. _CAPTCHA: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captcha

Setup
=====

myks-contact is a pluggable Django application. It works with Python >= 2.6 and
Django >= 1.5.

1.  Download and install the package from PyPI::

        $ pip install myks-contact

2.  Add ``contact`` to ``INSTALLED_APPS``::

        INSTALLED_APPS += 'contact',

    This allows Django to discover the built-in templates and translations.

3. Define the list of recipients in the ``CONTACT_EMAILS`` setting::

        CONTACT_EMAILS = ['you@example.com']

4.  Add the application to your URLconf with the ``contact`` application
    namespace::

        urlpatterns += patterns('',
            url(r'^contact/', include('contact.urls', namespace='contact', app_name='contact')),
        )

To use the built-in templates, your project's ``base.html`` template must
provide two blocks: ``title`` and ``content``, as shown in this `example`_.
You may also override the ``contact/form.html`` and ``contact/thanks.html``
templates.

.. _example: https://github.com/aaugustin/myks-contact/blob/master/contact/tests/templates/base.html

Changelog
=========

0.1
---

* Initial public release, extracted from my private repository.
* Switched the implementation to class-based generic views.
* Added documentation (README file).

Commit message:

Provide a stylesheet to make the form look slightly better.

README.rst, after:

mYk's contact form
##################

Goals
=====

`myks-contact`_ is a simple contact form. It's adequate for a personal home
page. It features a basic CAPTCHA_.

.. _myks-contact: https://github.com/aaugustin/myks-contact
.. _CAPTCHA: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captcha

Setup
=====

myks-contact is a pluggable Django application. It works with Python >= 2.6 and
Django >= 1.5.

1.  Download and install the package from PyPI::

        $ pip install myks-contact

2.  Add ``contact`` to ``INSTALLED_APPS``::

        INSTALLED_APPS += 'contact',

    This allows Django to discover the built-in templates and translations.

3. Define the list of recipients in the ``CONTACT_EMAILS`` setting::

        CONTACT_EMAILS = ['you@example.com']

4.  Add the application to your URLconf with the ``contact`` application
    namespace::

        urlpatterns += patterns('',
            url(r'^contact/', include('contact.urls', namespace='contact', app_name='contact')),
        )

To use the built-in templates, your project's ``base.html`` template must
provide three blocks: ``title``, ``extrahead`` and ``content``, as shown in
this `example`_, and you must be using the staticfiles contrib app.

If these conditions are inconvenient, you can override the
``contact/form.html`` and ``contact/thanks.html`` templates.

.. _example: https://github.com/aaugustin/myks-contact/blob/master/contact/tests/templates/base.html

Changelog
=========

0.2
---

* Bundled stylesheet.

0.1
---

* Initial public release, extracted from my private repository.
* Switched the implementation to class-based generic views.
* Added documentation (README file).
